So, if the Devil tempted Jesus,
don’t you think
he will try to tempt us
in order to jeopardize
our relationship with God?
This is the best contract
we’ve ever offered you.
Listen, I’ll get you a plan
so you can attend
your religious meetings during the week.
Just do the concert
for us on the weekend!
People always ask me,
“Why did you leave
the music world?”
When I was still a boy,
I had dreams
about becoming a famous singer.
Then I learned the truth,
but I never fully removed
those dreams from my heart.
And then I started listening
to some bad influences from my past,
and they got me hooked.
Then they reeled me
into the recording studio.
The lyrics in the songs
—they really bothered
my conscience.
So they offered me
some liquor to loosen me up,
and then I started
to feel more comfortable.
I started singing,
and they liked what they were hearing.
And those songs ended up
all over the radio stations.
It was as if Satan
gave me a trophy
for abandoning Jehovah.
I became addicted to the applause.
Everything looks so beautiful,
but when you’re on top
—when you’re really at the top
of Satan’s world—
there’s nothing beautiful there.
I was an actor,
and when the cameras
turned on,
my face and my smile
turned on too.
But when I would get back
to the hotel,
it was a huge letdown.
There was no applause
—just that silence
that tormented my conscience.
So basically, you had to find
other distractions,
and one of those for me
was the slot machine.
And, of course, casinos
don’t just come with slot machines.
They also expose you
to prostitution and alcohol.
My conscience would ask,
‘What are you doing here?’
I remember those times on tour,
from my limousine,
I’d see the brothers preaching,
and that would always touch my heart.
I would say to myself, ‘Wow!
‘Jehovah trained you
to be doing that,
and look at what you’re doing!’
That really cut deep into my heart.
The road back to the truth was,
really, very hard.
Every time I was going to retire,
I’d say, “This is it!”
But then there would always be
a bigger contract.
I had to make drastic decisions.
But finally I said:
“I don’t care what they offer me.
“I have to return to Jehovah.
“I have to fulfill the vow
“I made to him
when I was a young man,
when I dedicated my life to him.”
So I prayed to Jehovah
very earnestly and said:
“Jehovah,
I need to return to you.
“I need to return
to your loving arms.
“Satan has ripped me
away from you.
Please help me.”
I remember that before I went
in to that first meeting,
I told Jehovah, “Please give me a sign
that you will take me back.”
And there was
an elderly sister there.
She gave me a great big hug
and said, “Welcome back, son!”
And she took my hand
and sat by me
during the entire meeting.
I had betrayed Jehovah,
but I thank—
I thank the brothers
because Jehovah
put brothers at every turn.
They showed me with the Bible
how far I had strayed
from the paths of the true God,
and everything you do
has consequences.
I have asked Jehovah many times
to forgive me for all the things
I have done
—and the brothers too—
all the people
I offended by my actions.
All those trophies I won
—every last one of them—
are there collecting dust.
But Jehovah has given me
a different kind of trophy
in his organization
—helping others to dedicate
their lives to him.
That’s something no one
can take away from you.
We don’t all
have to learn the hard way.
We have to keep enduring
and never turn
our backs on Jehovah.
That’s the worst mistake
anyone could make.
We know that it’s Jehovah
who gives us our talents,
so we should use them
all in his service.
I have found happiness,
and that gives me
a glow that’s not just
for the cameras.
Everyone who knows me
can see it.